China's housing boom is spectacular the
most expansive Public Works project ever
in history entire planned cities built
prior to the people bidding on the
properties and working in the businesses
it makes the millions of empty homes in
the US seem like nothing with lending
practices becoming more lenient in China
and interest rates remaining Rel
relatively low the prices of housing
have become very high but when will it
all come tumbling
down you came here for the truth let's
look at the situation in China I want to
show you a very interesting information
about Pension funds and I also want to
talk about the critical situation that
we are in beginning right away with
China this chart should scream to you
Red Alert okay I hope you can read the
font but I'm just going to overview this
the green is profits and the Orange is
mortgage lending and what we are talking
about is the growth in mortgage loans
and net profits for commercial Banks
very important to know
this beginning in 2012 you will see that
there is in terms of the ratio here
lots of profit to be
made and also what I want to note is
that despite the fluctuations we see a
growing Trend in the last few years for
mortgage
lending this should
be noted that while many areas of the
world they don't rely on mortgages as
heavily as their taking place in the
west but when you talk about any
Metropolis you
find most of the
same activities occur one of those being
mortgages okay so we can assume
that proportionately there may be more
mortgages used in let's say New York
City than in
Beijing but when we see it you you know
sort of how much total money is being
used it's still very very significant
okay so let's then compare that to 2016
where you see essentially zero profit
and mortgage lending at a high at least
on this chart it shows
you what has really changed in such a
short period of time let's cover some of
the
issues Here China is this is from last
year but the um information is valid
China eases lending
standards to boost
housing one of those methods is right
here China's Central Bank cut the
minimum down payment ratios for
mortgages to stimulate the housing
sector they are also getting into loans
that they shouldn't be getting into one
of those subprime type loans and
subprime mortgages that were such a big
problem during 2008 I mean that was
basically the spark that ignited
everything
afterward and yet country after country
getting into this garbage look if
somebody can't afford a mortgage they
shouldn't get a mortgage they should be
renting and that's okay to rent there's
nothing wrong with that you don't have
to be a subprime borrower it's just too
risky and of course there's everything
else involved with it don't worry if you
lose out on your mortgage Fanny May and
Freddy Mack are going to step in and
they'll be able to handle anything
because they're backed by the government
taken over under the wing of Mama
government okay so that's what's
happening in China right now I see this
as yet another bubble but when you look
at places like ordos and other of ghost
cities you have to wonder I mean really
how far can Public Works projects go you
have the most as I said in the intro the
most expensive public works project ever
and that's something to
say you know what the outcome would be
unfortunately could be the worst thing
we ever
see all right now this to me is a bigger
situation it's more
important drained pension fund has
retired New York union workers pinching
pennies to survive as Doom looms for
reserves across the US this is just one
example local
707 they have their pensions they're
guaranteed the guy on the right I
believe
his he has a little certificate sort of
that says okay you're guaranteed this
much money that's your pension fund
he said in this article I've been paying
into this for year after year after year
I put my money in and yet at the end of
it they're going to cut my pension by
oneir now what if you as an individual
you have your expenses you have you know
your everything that your expenses your
your housing your bills your things for
your children everything else and now
all of a sudden your income is cut by
1/3 I'm sure for most people that would
hurt doesn't matter what situation
you're at if your income is cut by oneir
all of a sudden tomorrow not with any
advanced warning you're going to be in
big trouble and that's what's happening
to these
individuals now you may
think one thing or another all I need to
say is that Pension funds are being
looted by government and in this case
you know when you have this financial
crisis and that's the reason why the
penin fund had to go in and basically
say I know we promised you this much and
I know that you know you paid into it
but we kind of sort of screwed up and
you're not going to get all your
money that's what I don't trust about
Pension funds about bank accounts about
investment companies because they take
your money and you're under this
assumption that everything is going to
be okay look at Gerald Cente when he had
money in a segregated account and they
took it they took it and that was MF
Global to me that's enough that's enough
for me to realize even though it might
seem like a good idea to have your money
in these Pension funds I get emails all
the time from people saying I have my
money in my pension I have it in my rrsp
my 401k if I take it out I'm going to be
penalized what should I do I can't tell
you what to do but if it was me I don't
want to be an individual
stuck and wondering you know well I wish
I would have at least got half of my
money out look at this I mean people are
getting screwed over all the time
because you trust that that money will
be there but I really really encourage
everybody to have
Alternatives that's all I'm going to say
about that you do what you
want mayor deasio plans to phase out
cluster sites quote cluster sites that
house the homeless by adding 90 new
shelters if 90 new shelters are coming
on in New York City City what do you
think the situation of homelessness is
right now it's getting so bad that I
mean there's literally 10 cities being
set up all over the place they even cage
them in in some areas I mean it's so bad
it's an epidemic homelessness and
poverty and unemployment are so bad
right now but yet I have a whole bunch
of people consistent L telling me that
I'm a fearmonger that I'm an idiot that
I'm stupid all because I'm trying to
generate Revenue trying to sell my book
which I make $4 on every time someone
buys so apparently I'm a
fearmonger trying to tell people get
prepared because I don't want you to end
up on the streets like all of these poor
people that contact me all the time I
feel for these people I got people
contacting me from Venezuela and other
areas saying they have to eat once a day
because of the
poverty and I have to read this kind
of
silliness that people try and bring out
that they're doing well you know what if
you're invested in something and it's
been making money I re and I I believe
this believe
me good for you you're doing good and I
hope that that continues but for the
majority majority of people that isn't
the case and these 90 new shelters are
all part of that the 10 cities being set
up the you know all of these different
factors of
poverty Russian billionaire takes 74%
loss on an $85 million painting these
artworks are Collectibles okay if you
know what you're doing in many cases you
can earn money on Collectibles right but
you can't just make money by buying a
collectible and then selling it at a
later date to make money that is not how
it works this situation you know it's
insignificant to me I just wanted to
show you this because I do recommend
Collectibles more so than let's say a
liability like if somebody wants to buy
for example
jewelry or they want to put money in a
mutual fund you know I'm going to have
to advise jewelry not that I'm saying
you should buy go out and buy some uh
necklaces or something I'm just saying
that at the very least it has some
intrinsic value that's all and artwork
you really got to know what you're doing
it's not just something that you buy and
you know you've heard of this uh this
painter before so you decided to buy
that painting it doesn't work like that
there's a lot of
knowledge and what I've seen in fact is
that uh actually in recent times artwork
has hit a little bit of a slump so be
very careful on
that Russia on Tuesday cast its seventh
vote uh veto to protect the Syrian
government from the United Nations
security Council
action blocking a bid by Western powers
to impose
sanctions over accusations of chemical
weapons attacks during the 6year Syrian
conflict all right then China steps in
backing Russia and cast its sixth veto
on Syria Russia had said the vote on the
resolution drafted by France Britain and
the United States would harm the UN Le
peace talks between Waring Syrian
parties in
Geneva
so China and Russia clearly siding here
with Syria it's very important to note
that and I do believe that if War Sparks
in Syria more than it is right now you
will have Russia China
and even Iran remember they have a
presence there as well stepping in to a
greater degree this is very critical
because a proxy war could turn into
something much bigger in a very very
short period of time probably before you
can even read the news about it last but
not least what's in your chicken
sandwich well well well DNA tests shows
Subway sandwiches could contain just 50%
chicken you order the chicken sandwich
you're hoping that that's SL a chicken
inside there is chicken well
unfortunately it's only half chicken
it's mostly soy so what they found in
this particular case that unfortunately
a lot of that is in fact just filler
it's garbage it's processed
food what they you know they they tested
a whole bunch of different sandwiches
here and uh found that you know there's
varying degrees they were able to
determine that you know there's all
these different ingredients Within These
sandwiches it's processed
right that's fine I think it's a little
bit disgusting but it doesn't matter if
you choose to eat it that's fine what I
wanted to point out here is that when
people are eating let's say they go and
they go for the chicken and they have an
allergic reaction or perhaps they have
some irritable bowel syndrome or they're
um you know inflamed with crohn's or all
these these different uh all sort of
colitis anything else it's very
difficult then to determine what the
cause is exactly if you are eating food
that
contains um multiple constituents you
know other things in there that isn't
necessarily what you think it is you
think you're getting chicken and bread
but really you're getting like let's say
50 different chemicals or types of food
in there it's causing a lot of problems
processed food and that's why I suggest
people don't eat any of this processed
food eat Whole Foods instead I know it's
not about the this channel is not about
that but what I see the um diseases that
are influx occurring it's a very big
problem of course that brings upon the
health care issues that we have now we
have people dying of uh all types of
different cancers and stuff people can't
figure it out butth this is one very
serious problem if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs
up last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my book The Money GPS even more
informative so head over to Amazon
because they have a look inside feature
that's going to allow you to flip
through the pages of the book and see if
you like it take
care I mentioned this before but
recently I revamped the pricing on my
books because I just released my new
book
the global economic collapse for the
money GPS series the Kindle for those
who are interested in Kindle the price
is extremely cheap right now I put it
for $9.99 but Amazon has decided to sell
it for
so if you're if you have a Kindle you're
interested in that get it I recommend
the paperback but if you have a Kindle
you're into that then the price is
ridiculously cheap at this time so check
that out thanks stay care